Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 4 (#25269)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmliframeelement/src/index.md

{{APIRef}}

The **`HTMLIFrameElement.src`**

> property reflects the HTML [`referrerpolicy`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/src#referrerpolicy) attribute of the

Author: ```suggestion
property reflects the HTML [`referrerpolicy`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLIFrameElement/referrerPolicy) attribute of the
```
